7 splithere And it came to pass after these things, that his master's wife cast her eyes upon Joseph; and she said, Lie with me.

8-9 splithere But he refused, and said unto his master's wife, Behold, my master wotteth not what [is] with me in the house, and he hath committed all that he hath to my hand;   [There is] none greater in this house than I; neither hath he kept back any thing from me but thee, because thou [art] his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God?

10 splithere And it came to pass, as she spake to Joseph day by day, that he hearkened not unto her, to lie by her, [or] to be with her.

11 splithere And it came to pass about this time, that [Joseph] went into the house to do his business; and [there was] none of the men of the house there within.

12 splithere And she caught him by his garment, saying, Lie with me: and he left his garment in her hand, and fled, and got him out.

13-14 splithere And it came to pass, when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand, and was fled forth, That she called unto the men of her house, and spake unto them, saying, See, he hath brought in an Hebrew unto us to mock us; he came in unto me to lie with me, and I cried with a loud voice:

15-16 splithere And it came to pass, when he heard that I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled, and got him out. And she laid up his garment by her, until his lord came home.

17-18 splithere And she spake unto him according to these words, saying, The Hebrew servant, which thou hast brought unto us, came in unto me to mock me: And it came to pass, as I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled out.

19 splithere And it came to pass, when his master heard the words of his wife, which she spake unto him, saying, After this manner did thy servant to me; that his wrath was kindled.

20 splithere And Joseph's master took him, and put him into the prison, a place where the king's prisoners [were] bound: and he was there in the prison.

